welcome to Benjamin TV today I'm going
to teach you how to make a green juice
or a green smoothie depending on how
thick you like it in a blender so not
everybody has a juicer at home so I've
been testing out different green juice
recipes in my blender and this is how it
starts first off you've got your water
water is important because since you're
not juicing you're going to have to put
in some liquid to kind of you know
loosen everything up ice the reason I
put ice in there is because what it does
it keeps it cool as that blender is like
mixing up real quick especially if you
have a powerful blender I've got my
greens of course spinach and kale you're
gonna have to determine or decide how
much of this you want in your green
smoothie if you have a less powerful
blender you're going to want to have
less of these greens because they're
going to really gonna stiffen up your
dirt you're a blender mixture and it
might actually seize up your engine
lemons now I don't actually put the
whole lemon in there like when I juice I
just squeeze the lemon juice in but I do
put one slice of lemon into there to
give it that punch of a lemon flavor as
well as the nutrients that are in the
skin last but not least apples in there
just like I would any kind of juicer on
mixture this is just going to give you
the sweetness and you're going to need
less apples to make this green juice
because this gives it a lot of body and
sometimes this actually makes it too
thick first off a lot of blending
recipes will tell you to put your greens
in first I agree with that but in this
case I actually put in some of the
solids in with it the reason is when it
starts blending it's nice for the blades
that actually have something to catch on
other than just the water and the Leafs
I'm using spinach and I would suggest
using more spinach than any other leaf
because when it blends the flavors
really are palatable and it actually
blends very smooth put in the lemon
juice there
BAM put the whole slice of lemon lots of
nutrients in there Pais is to keep the
smoothie nice and cold
put half ice made half water again
you're going to have to test out your
own recipes I'll put in my recipe down
below as you can see there's apples
there's leafy greens apples leafy greens
and then the solids up top to help push
it down very important when blending so
now let's go ahead and hit the button
okay sometimes you actually have to push
it down cut it with the night
so we got a green juice mixture test
this out with your blender I would
suggest not putting as much in I made
enough for two people here as you can
see it's nice and smooth it's almost
just like a juice depending on how
proper your blender is you can probably
get the same consistency what's nice
about this is you can just put this into
the blender if you have a very very busy
morning and you got to get to work
blending recipe by Benjamin TV thanks
for watching make sure you subscribe
like this if you want more videos like
it and thanks for watching
I'll that's refreshing
that's a bit that's unmixed at this
point you can add a little bit of lime
juice salt pepper sriracha just to taste
it too the way you like to have your
guac mix it up and it's pretty much
ready everything's all mixed up but you
got chunks of avocado oh yeah oh yeah
that chip that's good mm-hmm how's my
hair all right